add cheatsheet (#14911)
docker/docker.github.io: get-started/resources.md

* [Docker Deep Dive](https://www.amazon.com/Docker-Deep-Dive-Nigel-Poulton/dp/1521822808/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1509660871&sr=8-1&keywords=nigel+poulton){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}, Nigel Poulton, March 2018
* [Portuguese] [Docker para desenvolvedores](https://leanpub.com/dockerparadesenvolvedores){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} (2017) by Rafael Gomes

> ## CLI Cheatsheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CLI cheat sheet
```

> This [cheat sheet](docker_cheatsheet.pdf) features the common Docker CLI commands for easy reference. It covers working Images, Containers, Docker Hub and general purpose commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Docker CLI cheat sheet](docker_cheatsheet.pdf){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} features the common Docker CLI commands for easy reference. It covers working with Images, Containers, Docker Hub, and other general purpose commands.
```
